Device class: standardize intro paragraph (#32981)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/binary_sensor.markdown

manually using the [template integration](/integrations/template/)
or using an [input boolean helper](/integrations/input_boolean).

{% include integrations/building_block_integration.md %}

### Device class

> The device class defines how the entity is represented on the [dashboard](/dashboards/). This can be modified in the [customize section](/docs/configuration/customizing-devices/). For example, different states may be represented by different icons, colors, or text.

Reviewer: The device class of sensors is a measurement categorization. How the entity is represented on the dashboard is just one part of that.

The screenshot shows a few examples of different device classes for binary sensors:

![List of binary sensors](/images/screenshots/binary_sensor_classes_icons.png)

Example of various device classes icons in `on` and `off` state. The on image
in this example has `state_color: true` specified in the entities card
configuration to receive the icon coloring.

> The following device classes are supported for buttons:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following device classes are supported for binary sensors:
```
